Document: 
System Requirement Specification Document (SRS)

Client:Administrator,Manufacturer, Customer, Seller,Shipping company.
Team: Direct customer, Software Architect,
QA Engineer, Business Analyst, Developers, DevOps Engineer,System Engineer

Objective:
The VijaySales is a website designed to enable the sellers and vendors to connect with the customers through a single platform. 
All the electronics products are avaiable on a single roof.
The vendors will get the opportunity to host their products on the website.
The customers will be able to explore different products available on the website and buy the products.
The customers will be able to place and track orders efficiently.

Scope:
The vendors and sellers will be able to keep the track of the orders received.
It will be easier for the vendors to deliver the products on time and give the updates of the orders to the customers through the website. 
The customers will get an option of adding the products to their carts and buy them later. 
The customer can update the delivery addresses in their profiles. 


Functional requirements:

Display products:
All the products and their descriptions will be displayed on the website. 
The customers can filter the products based on the price, brands etc.
The unavailable products will have a “out of stock” tag.

Login and registration:
The products will be displayed to the customers. To place the order or add the product to the cart, the customer should login and if the customer is a new customer, then he/she will be required to sign up. 

Orders:
The vendors will receive the orders when a customer places an order/orders.
The vendors will have the authority to accept or decline the orders from the customers. 
All the details regarding the orders will be sent to the customers after their order is confirmed. 

Non-functional Requirements:
Security: 
Only the authorized users with valid login details will be able to place order and add products to cart. 
Only the authorized person can modify or update the data on the website.  

Reliability: 
The system will have the regular backups. Monitoring will be done to see for the issues.
It will have the recovery mechanism to ensure that there is no data loss in case of system crash. 

Performance: 
The website shall be responsive enough to handle many users logging and accessing the website at the same time.
It shall have mechanisms so that the responses to the user will be quick or will take less time comparatively. 

Scalability:
The system will be able to extend more modules in the future if required. 
It can handle increased workloads with minimum cost impact.

Modularity:
The system will be designed using different modules. 
Having different modules will enable to manage the data and operate on that data efficiently









